Tools to post process g-code file from Grblgru

1. TO start
   Windows10 GUI
   . download the packaged zip file, extract the folder
   . use File Explorer to nagigate, and click on the file "gplot.exe"
   
   Unix or Windows PowerShell
   . Install python3 and pip3 (Windows python3 should come with pip), then
   . pip install matplotlib
   . pip install scipy

   . cd cnc/grbl/ (or the directory with the script and g-code)
   . python -m gplot

2. Simple User guide

   Select the g-code file to plot or process, the g-code will be plotted, 
   where rough cuts are in blue lines, while finish cuts green lines with dots.

   It's best to enlarge the plot to show more details, but maximize the plot is not recommended.
   As there may be error or warning messages displayed on one of the window.
 
   On the plot, use the zoom (magnifying glass) or pan (cross with arrows) button and left mouse button
   to examine the g-code.

   Sometimes GrblGru generates segments of straight lines in finish cuts which is supposed to be curves.
   To smooth out a region, move mouse and right mouse button to define the region.
   After you click the right button, up to two red lines will show up to indicate the boundary.
   No need for precise position, the red line will snap to closest data point.
   Also, you can continue to use right-clicks to refine the selection.

   After the desired region is selected, press upper case 'S' or 'H' to smooth it out in the horizontal direction.
   The result new curve is displayed as red lines with dots.
   FYI, lower case 's' is Python's built-in shot key to save the plot in a file.

   Press upper case 'V' to smooth out in the vertical direction. This works better if the curve is steep.

   Only one section of "simple" curve can be smoothed out at a time, otherwise, gplot will throw an error.
   A simple curve doens't change direction, and has no sharp corners.

   After a successful curve fit (red lines), a new file with similiar file name will be generated.
   For example, if the original file is "test.gc", the the generated file is "test_1.gc".
   If the selected file is "test_1.gc", then the output file will be "test_2.gc".
   Note that existing file with the expected name will be over-written.
   
   

   Currently, 'gplot' can only smooth out one region.
   Run run it again on the processed g-code to smooth out a different region.
   For example, select 'test_1.gc', and the processed file will be 'test_2.gc', etc...
